before we begin let me start by saying
this intro already has me feeling so
cold that my nipples opponent than the
tip of a fresh crayon the stars of our
movie today ah well I would have said
adele dazeem but I'm a little late for
that joke and it's not funny anymore
Oh Who am I kidding yes it is the
wickedly talented I Delta [ __ ] xeam
just stop singing and melt already and
oh who gives us play our store begins in
the mid-1800s with some chanting music I
bet you that was original didn't you but
nope
Disney ripped off all their song that
intro music was based on an old hymn
written by some guy who died in 1862 see
Disney has these meetings where they all
say whoo 2015 years old
yeah let's steal from him he'll never
know and we see a bunch of Scandinavian
ice harvesters singing a song everybody
thinks makes no sense but they're really
talking about how beautiful magical shop
fair and dangerous ice is frozen hearts
and letting it go they just need to quit
Boltzmann it's about Elsa but you can't
even tell without the [ __ ] subtitles
because they seem like
and they write off like by little bit
you own your own own over here Disney
went to Wonderland we meet Elsa the
older sister and honor the young one who
pisses the older sibling into causing
trouble so she could play the victim so
she's like do you wanna build a snowman
and here we see why parents always want
big houses so when the children get hurt
they could say I didn't hear them I was
in the living room two miles away and
today is like let's take it to the
pebble trolls so to heal on his injury
they take away on his memories of Elsa's
powers but they let her remember she
once had fun with Elsa because that
doesn't make sense
then the pebble throw Yoda tells Elsa
hmm
under control you must keep this so when
you don't know how to keep your kids
from killing each other just like one of
them they'll [ __ ] in their room until
they grow Arnaud gets to keep the fun
memories with no explanation of why her
sister ignores her but the parents don't
find on another playmate they just let
us sit at the bedroom door her whole
life begging her sister to come out well
when your children are getting on your
damn nerves and you're a bad parent
anyway just take a two-week cruise and
be like bye little [ __ ] you're on y'all
but if you go on a cruise and leave your
children at home this could happen to
you and if not the ship is just gonna
have some technical problems that causes
the toilets on the deck above you to
overflow and leak through your cabin
ceiling and you come home with the
dysentery squirts and who the hell gonna
take care of you then the child you
locked in a room my whole life she
probably can't even wipe her own but now
they all grown up and they're gonna
party like it's 1899 well I was happy
about it anyway she's the one who's all
like oh my god I'm out going out she
wakes up singing because she thinks
she's finally gonna get to meet the one
and she runs around singing oh I just
can't wait to get ding-a-ling don't act
shocked you know that's what princesses
are thinking when they're singing about
romance
but the troubled soul sounds like most
of us owe more work
my childhood was hard enough and now I
have to pretend I like people [ __ ] you
dad and you know how it is when you
ain't never had much to choose from in
the love Department so you just fall for
the first ding-a-ling you see and you
hope to god the Dingle
as a prince and you hope to god the
Prince aina puts on eyes like a bumbling
idiot because she hasn't seen her sister
in a long damn time and the best she can
come up with is well you don't look
tubby Prince putz puts the make on on
awhile they sing about love being an
open door but she soon gonna learn that
the door of love is gonna hit off with a
good Lord split up because as we all
know love at first sight does not exist
it's all just based on infatuation and
pheromones and whether the person you
just met has a good plastic surgeon and
then your children come out ugly and you
end up suing your spouse for
misrepresentation of good genes and
honor goes to her sisters like we sell
honey so we gettin hitched up in there
sis and you know how people with the
least life experience like to give the
most advice well that's miss do it my
way or Elsa
she's like dis ain't love take my word
for it I've only been without human
interaction for 13 years and almost like
we've got 12 brothers you can have all
them and this is like fool I don't like
puck whoop one from say that whoop
what is suppose for available magic whoo
better underfoot burn out of here so
Elsa freezes the whole damn Kingdom
honor gets on the horse to chase after
her sister and she leaves the kingdom in
the hands of Prince putz and here's the
part of the movie with the song that
you've heard so can much that now the
mere mention of it makes you want to jab
a kindergartener safety sizzles in your
ears so this scene brings up some very
adult questions does Elsa's ice domicile
melt when she cooks if she can't cook
does he only snow
if she only snow does she poopoo Ice
Cube's your toilet made of ice does that
bode get stuck to it if she has no
running water
how does she flush the toilet or does
she just do it outside and leave little
brown chocolate pellets in the snow that
will later serve as a snowman's eyeballs
that's nasty
while she's out looking for her sister
Anna comes to a shop where she meets a
shop owner who says words like blender
mutant blender Huey Berber DDT heard the
murder
supercalifragilisticexpialidocious and
fruit even blue girdle
she also meets the grownup version of
the little bit the ice harvesters left
behind to be raised by rocks
remember the guy's name is Christoph and
he's trying to sell ice in the middle of
an ice storm
so Christoph is pissed off and Ana's
parents never taught her that she ought
not be taking rides from strangers
and she breaks to this one about how
she's about to marry another one no not
this nuisance again skip so they find
Elsa Nonna's like what do you do up in
here all the time
and Nelson's like I spend my days better
than snowman's without you Chad as a
feel and on it's like I water build
snowman but else has flashbacks of
causing Ana's brain freeze and I'm like
I thought you could control this now not
10 minutes ago you was looking like a
damn master ice architect and besides
that little annoying big guy what she
had coming to her anyway and she gets it
again BAM a sub-zero ice ball right to
the [ __ ] heart
praise Allah to you Elsa summons a
bumble to throw that behinds out of the
castle
this Lord Farquaad character sends a few
guys to ice the Queen and Chris stop
notices Anna is looking a little pasted
her so Kristoff makes the next big
relationship step he takes honor to meet
his family of freaks and they go on
about love for a whole damn song while
on a slowly croaks prince putz captures
Elsa and locks her up in a room and
asked her to stop the stone and the
whiny drama queen is like I can't boring
bad guy monologue I'm a putz blabbity
blah blah I wanted to marry Elsa to take
over the kingdom but she don't like blah
blah blabbity blah but you were needy
how so I use you to get in blabbity
blabbity blah blah so now I have to kill
your sister while your titties turn to
snow cones or your concern does no
titties Elsa busts out Kristoff comes
back to honor riding his reindeers acts
like Seabiscuit the principles are sold
seemingly out of his sand spot and all
the people who used to be scared of
Elsa's powers suddenly ain't anymore but
this is a kids movie which is a really
lame [ __ ] excuse considering the fact
that the greatest Disney movie of all
time force children to watch the hero
Witnesses father's murder and hyenas eat
the bad guy alive that's the way you do
it shove some real life right in their
ugly little snotty mugs
thank god this is the end be sure to
LIKE share and subscribe for regular fix
of meth you can expect me to upload
videos after I thought my nipples for
movies explained for I'm Jeb heard I can
cope movie gave me titty circles